README.md, before:

# README Generator
[![JavaScript: 100%](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-100%-blue.svg)](https://www.javascript.com/)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

## Description
Generates a professional README file from user input on the command line so developers can spend less time creating a README and more time working on their projects.

## Table of Contents
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
1. Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) if you haven't already.
2. Clone this repository onto your computer.
3. Navigate to the root of this repository on the command line.
4. Run `npm install inquirer` on the command line to install Inquirer.

## Usage
1. Navigate to this repository's root directory on the command line.
2. Run `node index.js`.
3. Answer the question prompts about your project.
4. You can find the generated `README.md` in the `dist/` folder.

## License
Licensed under the [MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) license.

## Questions
- [GitHub](https://github.com/kg-phantom)
- [Email](mailto:ksurbayan@gmail.com)

Commit message:

updated README.md and refactored code

README.md, after:

# README Generator
[![JavaScript: 100%](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-100%-blue.svg)](https://www.javascript.com/)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

## Description
Generates a professional README file from user input on the command line so developers can spend less time creating a README and more time working on their projects.

![README Generator Screenshot](assets/images/READMEgenerator-sc.png)

Watch a [README Generator Demo](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pXGsmqtP4yzJLmhAmLO7_MWLS7ys1ahR/view?usp=sharing).

## Table of Contents
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
1. Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) if you haven't already.
2. Clone this repository onto your computer.
3. Navigate to the root of this repository on the command line.
4. Run `npm install inquirer` on the command line to install Inquirer.

## Usage
1. Navigate to this repository's root directory on the command line.
2. Run `node index.js`.
3. Answer the question prompts about your project.
4. You can find the generated `README.md` in the `dist/` folder as shown below:

![Generated README.md file in dist/ folder](assets/images/dist-sc.png)

To open the `README.md` from the command line, type `code README.md` from the dist directory:

![README.md opened in VSCode](assets/images/READMEcode-sc.png)

To view the content of the `README.md` directly on the command line, type `cat README.md` from the dist directory:

![Text content of generated README.md on the command line](assets/images/catREADME-sc.png)

## License
Licensed under the [MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) license.

## Questions
- [GitHub](https://github.com/kg-phantom)
- [Email](mailto:ksurbayan@gmail.com)
